Improve Snowflake usage crawler [sc-4639] (#99)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/snowflake/usage/README.md

# Snowflake Usage Statistics Connector

> This connector extracts usage statistics from a Snowflake account using [Snowflake Connector](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/python-connector.html). It can only be run against Snowflake Enterprise account or above, and doesn't support regular account yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector extracts usage statistics from a Snowflake account using [Snowflake Connector](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/python-connector.html). It queries [ACCESS_HISTORY](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/access_history.html) and therefore requires Snowflake Enterprise or higher.
```
